# The Most Interesting Web3 Security Interview with Peter Kacherginsky (Coinbase 0x, Blockthreat)

*Upload Date: 20231005*

*Source: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLwTPrYy9mQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLwTPrYy9mQ)*

Okay, here's a comprehensive summary of the YouTube video "The Most Interesting Web3 Security Interview with Peter Kacherginsky (Coinbase 0x, Blockthreat)," presented in a Q&A format and from the speaker's perspective.

**Introduction**

Q: Hello guys, it's Johnny time and welcome to another amazing Web3 security interview! Today we have a very special guest that you're going to enjoy super, very, very much and great expert, great expert in the Web3 security field, so he is a team lead at Unit0x at Coinbase, he used to work with traditional finance and with the Federal Reserve, he is traditional cyber security professional, malware analysis, incident response sock, that shifted to Web3 security fulltime and is also the brilliant mind behind Blockthreat newsletter. Today we're going to have Peter on the show and we're going to share so many amazing insights and resources and tips and cool stories, so grab your favorite drink and and get a comfortable position whether you're in your couch on your laptop. Don't forget to hit the subscribe button and without further ado let's get started with the interview with Peter! Peter hello Peter, how are you, nice to have you here on the show.
A: Hi Johnny, it's an honor. Thanks for the invitation, my pleasure.

Q: So before we dive into those juicy, interesting stories that you came here to tell because we know you have many of them, uh, let's do some kind of introduction so the the audience can get to know how legendary you are, get to know you better your your background because you have pretty impressive background so can you tell a bit about your background and how you got into blockchain and web3?

A: Sure, well it was definitely an accident. Um, I was very much into traditional security. Um, as you mentioned I started my career at Federal Reserve, so it was as centralized as a guess this is the Central Bank of the United States. Uh, and then eventually moved towards uh things like mal reversing, engineering exploit development, and other things all in a traditional space.  Web3, wasn't even called Web3, back then. That was around 2017, is I got really excited about it. It was just blockchain L1 blockchains for the most part ethereum was a couple years old, it was just taking off. Uh, I got really interested and I like their idea, of spending your time and spending your resources towards an interesting cause. So, being able to invest your time into an expertise to create a new financial system that is open to everyone, that millions of people can benefit from that just kind of creates a really nice drive for me.  I got really excited people thought it was crazy. That was, I think, it was one of the Bear markets at the time. Um, but it’s been, it’s been a most joyous uh journey of my career. That's a very interesting to hear, so you started actually in traditional Finance right. You worked for the Federal Reserve or some banks. Can you tell us a bit about that like how from working for the Federal Reserve you shifted through the open Financial system and working with blockchain?
A: Sure, uh, I mean Federal Reserve is, it is an institution, it's uh, it is very uh, very by the book, as it should be. Um, it was interesting because I was the guy, like I was a kid right out of school who joined there, I was wearing this 2600 t-shirts and drinking energy drinks and you have like folks that work their, like 30-40 year-old year careers uh. So, it's kind of fun all the dinosaurs in, we call them dinosaurs sure they they chose they're good guys. They chose to invest their time and career into something they believe in and that's the kind of uh environment that I was uh, onboarded, on.

Q: That's amazing because you're probably the first person who attempted those things there. But,  you just protected millions of dollars to taxpayers. So, the impact there was understanding the importance of everything that you do costs people money, costs taxpayer money, and you really affect(s) livelihoods of people. How you transited to Web3?
A: Yeah, um, that said of course, there's only that far you can get in a large organization like that for me personally, just in terms I was always excited about new things and pushing the boundaries. So, eventually I took, like a year-long sabbatical and went all in on exploitation and reversing. So, that's begins my other chapter but that's the interesting. But yeah, the the transition to to the actual Web3 was, it was that doing mal where analysis non-stop, uh I noticed that, the last year like, I've been doing it for.

Q: I spent all my time reversing ransomware uh samples and that was my introduction to Web3 I think is.  You got really interested to blockchain explored it, so what it happens that was a happy accident. Can you tell us like how this shift happened?
A: I was are originally hired not even to do anything Web3 related, they didn't have any uh, like uh, blockchain function at the time.  Uh, so that's something that I later on helped uh, create in uh, at Coinbase.

Q: So to have a like a more of a dedicated function for blockchain security that's very interesting. So, from doing, uh IR(Incident response) and just reversing and malware analysis of ransom worse that steal money and get Ransom in Bitcoin or whatever other cryptocurrencies you just got interested into blockchain and explored it a bit more in depth.  Which is that. Let's do some kind of the introduction so how do you feel

A: There's a certain perception which existed five years ago when I was starting out when people were saying, like what are you crazy what are you joining and that I think there's the same stigma within traditional security towards cryptocurrency. It's security but today, I was like everything.  I know they'll have to find.

Q: And in terms of what you guys do as Unit0x?
A: The goal I increase trust in the ecosystem because what we chose to was education through the arching and pushing the resources forward.