# 1.5 Hours Interview with Code4rena OG Warden and Lookout SorryNotSorry

*Upload Date: 20240208*

*Source: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWgRHoOmt3k](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWgRHoOmt3k)*

Okay, here is a comprehensive summary of the interview with "SorryNotSorry," a Code4rena OG Warden and Lookout, structured in a question-and-answer format. I will use first-person ("I," "me," "my") where it makes sense to retain the conversational tone of the interview.

**Introduction (0:00 - 0:01:11)**
*I am introduced as SorryNotSorry, an OG Warden and Lookout at Code4rena, specifically someone who didn't originally come from a technical background.*

**Q: (0:01:11 - 0:01:15)** *Can you tell us a bit more about your journey, like maybe start from how you shifted from a non-technical background?* and *tell us a bit about your non-technical back on what you used to do and how you shifted to programming and eventually, along the way, to web3 security?*
**A:** *Yeah, sure. I actually started out with a very long journey. I never expected to be in tech because, when I was 18 or 19 I always thought I am going to just jump in the sector and be a ship captain. There were a lot of stupid thoughts in my head, like sailing around the oceans should make me feel free. So, I did that for one. I regret every minute as captain. It was a kind of false perfection.*

**Early Career and Shift to Programming (0:01:15 - 0:03:01)**

*   *I began jump in the rabbit hole somewhere in 2019, when I was 37 years old. Just jump and one day I opened a YouTube video regarding a Python stuff. I typed my name and the videos just kept learning for six months of self improvement during pandemic in 2020.*

**Web3 Transition (0:03:01 - 0:03:55)**
*   *During COVID-19, as I was locked on the ships for multiple months and was just locked down at home, I utilized my time in learning Python and to read things like JavaScript or Flutter and finally found myself learning Solidity in late 2021.*

**Motivation for the Shift (0:03:55 - 0:04:56)**
*   *Actually, I didn't accepted the position where I was at all and didn't look back. I had a big regret in me because I didn't accept that position. That time all the company was struggling to get peoples on board. I was utilizing my time to learn solidity and then in August in 2021 because actually I just signed off and didn't. That said okay I will just learn coding and try to learn something especially in Web3 area. So I was really excited to see all this technology under Ethereum network*

**Q: (0:04:56 - 0:05:07)** *How did you decide the career in technical background now*?
**A:** *Well, I had a very big hole in me, I just didn't accepted that position for captain cause like 18 maybe 20 years or even to university. I didn't look bad. In 2021 August won I say. so I couldn't do anything just jumped into coding. and I cannot said to another 10, utilization to make it as learning path for everyone*

**Hardships as a Ship Captain**
**A:** *yeah, Uh, I was I mean every company was struggling to get onboard, and to get people off board. So, uh I couldn't, get on board. So I was locked home. And when I went on board I was locked on board another 10 months. I could't Because, uh ship boat it's kind of fun its not for everyone and I there nobody accepts* **.   any, people to come to their. Uh, you know, countries in the situation*
  *I explains that part of being a ship captain means that I'm taking care of the responsibility of having such a big carrier. Which means that you are responsible for this vessel and is also something that you don't have any control.*

**Tips for Beginners (0:05:07 - 0:07:06)**
*   *First of to understand the vocabulary. If you're not excited about the technology or about the journey of this earning journey you want make it. you will never make it.. Because You know. For example with Python: Python is actually great for automation. you build the script*
*Another tip was for myself: I was kind of absurse, I didn't accepted the way I was but by this you can build your self awareness in tech.
*So this interview today will suffice to the new beginnert: Be always super curious. By not loose enthusiasm and just tried to understand the jargon and read things to make you increase you selfawarness in Tech,

**Entering Web3 Security (0:07:06 - 0:09:13)**
*   *In late 2021, during the COVID lockdowns, I was writing all the scripts in python just to make some simple parsing from python to look at blockchain.* I was doing something called a "*Telegram channel is that a paid partner. What they have was just I sharing all this that to the people so that's how I make my first month of you know Webtry and coding.
 I can't say, because, it's, like half million tons of, you know, you know, Mass, when it and there is no power responsibility.*

**Q: (0:09:13 - 0:09:28)** *Okay but this was around 2020 right? What was your motivation to career change from H from the sea from ship to coding to tech ah background that was yor motivation to change?*
**A:** *Yeah, It was 2020-2021, My motivation was like I had a big hole in me because I was I had a biggest regret, actually so because I didn't accept the position where there was a kid I hope. I tried like in 18- 17 yo and 20, I didn't look back but 24 years after yeah and I was to obtain 18 months in with unversity didn't look b*

**Q: (0:09:28 - 0:09:42)** *Did COVID give you inspiration for joining the web3?*
**A:** *Because of CoVid i wanted it and I didn't accept the position for 2008 just keep learn coding to web try tree! That made me feel free!*

**Background for the Switch of Security Careers (0:09:42 - 0:11:06)**
*   *The non-tech industry wasn't 1, 18 19, years old. I did that a vessel to have a free or something or just stupid things. Yeah. sailing around the oceans should make me feel free in the ocean. so I did so so. I want to change that time the tech industry. I didn't have internet connection onboard so that's time. I utilized my time, you know, to to utilize and learn python etc..*

**Q: (0:11:06 - 0:11:11)** *So where this motivation for technical?*
*A: My goal in those parts isn't to be more and more involved in sector as security or code.

**Solidity and Code4Rena (0:11:06 - 0:14:53)**
*After a couple of years, Solidity showed up the way.
*So in April I had these 9-to-6 and decided and I was also at the same time following codeera in Twitter
so this is this is the moment where security to me,
so in order to have to that position,
I worked hard with university and I did not look back a just in 2021 August 1 signed over, sign off work and I will just learn coding or something that web so yeah I was like on etherium new Tech.

**Lookout Role and Unique Skills (0:14:53 - 0:16:47)**
*   *Because I didn't have a technical background, I tried hard to learn the technical jargons and all of this web tree areas and tried to get tips to the other parts. In order to get that position I just opened a YouTube video regarding, uh. and I typed my name and I learn and I to set something like* it*s* something you know to the read JS flutter darts everything. that I found that I decided

**Journey to Lookout (0:16:47 - 0:17:39)**
*During covid Covid lockdowns you would have ever invited to ship of a short captain of this time is to learn so and so everything learn to solidity in 2021 lockdown invited of a boat it really and SP on a to vote. If you really Lear how we're not for to country that's

**Q: (0:17:39 - 0:18:00)** *And you used to be a ship captain which means that you are responsible for the ship, how's that works so this was in yeah I was a ship captain*
**A:** Like for C, I have been on the for 17 years ship, or ships, whatever, or the if 1 to be you that,

**Q: (0:18:00 - 0:18:59)** *how coding relate how can you tell coding and captain thing can relate?*
**A:** *for most like 500 tones which we have the this responsibilities that a suicide I can say suicide because you're taking your care vessels people on board to look about so you want make feel. You know I get you now python something on both what know this to show because python code*

**Q: (0:18:59 - 0:19:28)** *Okay! So that's not a fun stuff.*
**A:** *Yeah not at all for everyone means no country a situation but you need to be for that*

**Past Coding (0:19:28 - 0:20:00)**
*Also one the coding I and making Netflix and show it and it I am absurb*

**Web3 Security (0:20:00 - 0:20:30)**
*it this was you on the sea coding to tech web Sec tree yeah, I don't I and you like high or*

**Q: (0:20:30 - 0:20:50)** What was the inspiration to tech cyber
**A:** My main was hole I'm position there

**Q: (0:20:30 - 0:21:30)** *Because didn't,
the way*
**A:** I position 2021 August and, Okay, I coding. web tree

**Path to Web3 Security & Code4rena (0:21:30 - 0:26:50)**

*   *After 20 20 I do I had did a but as make 22-2 that I the position and I. I 18 17 182 to the university 21 and to that in. you know, uh, code arena.*

Lookout Experience and Tips (0:26:50 - 0:28:08)

*You find and get so I' know. you top think.*.
*The journey I tech from to ship it's something that I do was I*

**Q: (0:28:08 - 0:28:58)** How was the responsibilities
*The responsibilities very responsibility I mean people can or something so I'm help and you what*

**Q: (0:28:58 - 0:28:1101)** What are you have now non technical ground? and yeah

*Yeah is actually
Many things that one.*
* *to the and so just that many the the industry. the.*

**Advice (0:42:50 - 0:47:51)**
Yeah if you something to me also So you should find each excited about technology you

* always skeptical. Money
You always have to be your knowledge.
what did you come from Tech I get those you.
you
but
it's if excites*

**Learning Approach (0:47:51 - 0:50:27)**

*   *In order to not give up, it is a must of you to learn the coding and tech jargons but be curios on the web3 security with this you are gonna read, js or dart. I did read a bunch and learning to found and myself and self improve in solidity*

**Security Roles and Future Opportunities (0:50:27 - 0:53:39)**
*   *It is important to share always so many advice. So yeah that's always be and this can be*

***

*and this. This high because it's that are coming that can get tips*